good day, I am now davis hello me
know your music I have a lot
nice about her heard of simon seemed
and of others , they have
certainly not a nice word about me
you do not really want to
progress that's why you will always
again the same shit happen
because you know that you want what is the reason
and you know what you are an asshole
what kind of music do you make folksongs
folksongs did you say he is a musician
a folk singer is with a cat
not my cat i just did not know
what to do with it
I should have forced you two
but if you do it again
then a condom hit the
develop others
in the old care
I would like to perform here
Do not be struck by the hand why
they are here playing you play
which gives me something from the incite louis b
OK
how much did 40 million 40
million dollars but I have one
bad news for you